Update `Deploying Scylla on GKE` and `Deploying Scylla on EKS` documentation sections to reflect changes in storage setup (#1324)
scylladb/scylla-operator: docs/source/eks.md

      allow: true
```

### Prerequisites

#### Installing script third party dependencies

Script requires several dependencies:
- eksctl - See: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/getting-started-eksctl.html
- kubectl - See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/

> #### Setting up local nodes with NodeConfig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Setting up nodes for ScyllaDB
```

Author: done

> To run Scylla, it is most important, and necessary in production, that you convert the ephemeral storage's filesystem to `xfs`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To run ScyllaDB, it is necessary in production, that you format your storage used by ScyllaDB to XFS filesystem.
```
I wouldn't emphasise that much

Author: The most important part actually comes from Scylla docs: https://opensource.docs.scylladb.com/stable/getting-started/system-configuration.html#set-up-raid-and-filesystem. What's wrong with the other sentence?

Reviewer: We could phrase it like 
```suggestion
 ScyllaDB, except for developer mode, requires storage with XFS filesystem. The local NVMes from the cloud provider usually come as individual devices. To use their full capacity together, you'll first need to form a RAID array from those disks.
```

Author: done

`NodeConfig` performs the necessary RAID configuration and XFS filesystem creation, as well as it optimizes the nodes. You can read more about it in [Performance tuning](performance.md) section of ScyllaDB Operator's documentation.

Deploy `NodeConfig` to let it take care of the above operations:
```
kubectl apply --server-side -f examples/gke/nodeconfig-alpha.yaml
```

#### Deploying Local Volume Provisioner

> Afterwards, deploy ScyllaDB's [Local Volume Provisioner](https://github.com/scylladb/k8s-local-volume-provisioner), which will discover the RAID0 arrays' mount points and dynamically provision them as PersistentVolumes for your ScyllaDB cluster.

Reviewer: > which will discover the RAID0 arrays' mount points

I don't think there is a discovery. you just need to hard code the same path into the config

Author: done

> Afterwards, deploy ScyllaDB's [Local Volume Provisioner](https://github.com/scylladb/k8s-local-volume-provisioner), capable of dynamically provisioning the earlier crated RAID0 arrays as PersistentVolumes for your ScyllaDB cluster.

Reviewer: > capable of dynamically provisioning the earlier crated RAID0 arrays as PersistentVolumes

This, technically, isn't what happens. The dynamic provisioning happens over a filesystem created on that RAID array not the RAID array itself.

Author: `capable of dynamically provisioning the mounted XFS filesystems, earlier created over the configured RAID0 arrays, as PersistentVolumes for your ScyllaDB cluster.`
does that work better?

Reviewer: yep, maybe  also `capable of dynamically provisioning PersistentVolumes from the mounted XFS filesystem`...

Author: done
